Search, One-page forms and User mgmt section review (#10)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/search/search_faq.md

## Which Solr version is used?

> eZ Commerce uses the Solr version [recommended by Ibexa](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/requirements/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce uses the Solr version [recommended by Ibexa](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements/).
```

                - default
```

## Avoid removing index in production

When the content model is used as data provider, `ezplatform:solr_create_index` removes the index in production.

> It depends ono the configuration. If Solr is configured to auto-commit, the index is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It depends on the configuration. If Solr is configured to auto-commit, the index is removed.
```
